.\"   $Id$
.\"
.\"   Man page for the bdsm project.
.\"
.\"   $Log$
.\"

.TH SM 1 "2011 August 17" "SM Framework"

.SH SYNOPSIS
.B sm
[cli] {file|options...} {namespace} action {action-params}

.SH DESCRIPTION
S{cripting,ystem} Manager (SM) Framework (Core)

.SH Actions
.TP 13
.B {file_name}
Run the provided {file_name}, with SM initialized.
.TP 13
.B smrc
Install/update smrc template file in ~/.smrc.
.TP 13
.B smrc install
Force install smrc template file into ~/.smrc (no update).


.TP 13
.B get head
Fetch and install the latest SM development version.
.TP 13
.B ext install {name} {uri}
Install extension {name} from {uri}.
.TP 13
.B ext update {name}
Update extension {name}.
.TP 13
.B set
List all installed extension sets and their extensions.
.TP 13
.B set help
Show available extension sets help.


.TP 13
.B version
Display the curently installed SM version.
.TP 13
.B help
Display this help.

.SH Options
.TP 13
.B --trace={filter}
Show trace output for functions using specified filter.
.TP 13
.B --trace
Equivalent to
.B --trace=action
- show only called action trace.
.TP 13
.B --trace=all
Show trace output for all functions that are not excluded, by default excluded is (
.B -search
).
.TP 13
.B --trace-fun={function_name}
Display tracing for the given {function_name}, tracing is filtered down by any trace_filters.
.TP 13
.B --trace-var={variable_name}
Display changes and stacktrace when the given {variable_name} changes.
.TP 13
.B --trace-var-short
Show only list of functions instead of full stack trace when using
.B --trace-var={variable_name}
.TP 13
.B --debug={filter}
Show debug messages for given filter.
